 # AlexanderSchunkComputerResearch
AlexanderSchunkComputerResearch
This is the Readme File of the Alexander Schunk Computer Research Project. This project is for researching computers like processors and languages like assembler and C. This projects is for testing the output of assembler and C in  processor programms and processor systems like Windows and Linux. This research will be for many years. The project ist open source and or may be is for small money. The project is for testing processors and languages and systems. There will also be systems for testing and for uses such as cars and other technology. Alexander Schunk is alos interested in research of languages. Languages like English, German and other languages. There will be PDF Documents for this project. These documents will be uploaded for personal or other use. Alexander Schunk is looking for contributors. Alexander Schunk has Test files as PDF. Alexander Schunk is also researching the climate. There is a different researcho on climeate and computers. Alexander Schunk has uploaded a file. This is in German language. You can download it now. There are now 2 files for download. You can read them with a TeX Viewer. These files are writtten with LaTeX. Other file versions are Word and Open Office. This project is written with Open Source technology. In a weeek or so you will have first test programs or technology. Alexander Schunk has uploaded new documents. To read the documents you will need a TeX Viewer, Open Office or Word. For other data you will need Excell or ther programms. There will be programms and other material available for download. You can get this from Github. These things include descriptions of technology and programms.
